src/api/readme.md, before:

# Uncertainty
How uncertainty is handled in this API.

## extracting values from a given value (get*)
On dev mode:
- if the parameters are not fitting, throw an exception
On prod mode:
- if parameter are not fitting, don't throw, but return null.

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.getPosition(invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.getPosition(invalidPort)).toBe(null);
// return null
```

## questioning the given value (is*, has*)
usualy questioning return a boolean. In this case the answer should never be something else than true or false

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.isPort(invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.isPort(invalidPort)).toBe(false);
// return null
```

### transforming the given value (set*)
to avoid undefined error, in case the transformation is not applicable the original value is returned

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.setId(id, invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.isPort(id, invalidPort)).toBe(invalidPort);
// return null
```

Why null returned when expected return is not a boolean ?
Because "" for string or 0 or NaN doesn't capture well the intent of providing a default neutral value for number and string, same apply to object. Undefined is not suitable to because undefined error often are unhandled error in your code or a remote code.

A better solution overall would be the use of Maybe wrapper.

Commit message:

switch to JSDoc, update doc annotation update code followign review

src/api/readme.md, after:

# Scope of this API
This API is meant to interact with a Dag flow data structure and each of its components.
This API allow to transform and query the flow datastructure
The Flow datastructure is not automatically self healing, meaning that you have to commit your transformation for this to happen.
This API is not meant to be bound to a specific renderer (React) or specifics tools (Redux)

# USAGE

## Flow components API

## Flow API

### commit and self healing
Why ? because we want to be able to reuse the low level Flow api to create complex flow update functions.
such pipeline will end up creating various intermediate state that may not be valid DAG.
The commit function is here to raise error and fix the Flow datastructure
Since the datastructure is immutable, there is no need for creating a complete transaction API icluding such elements as `begin`, `commit` and `reset`

# Uncertainty
How uncertainty is handled in this API.

## extracting values from a given value (get*)
On dev mode:
- if the parameters are not fitting, throw an exception
On prod mode:
- if parameter are not fitting, don't throw, but return null.

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.getPosition(invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.getPosition(invalidPort)).toBe(null);
// return null
```

## questioning the given value (is*, has*)
usualy questioning return a boolean. In this case the answer should never be something else than true or false

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.isPort(invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.isPort(invalidPort)).toBe(false);
// return null
```

### transforming the given value (set*)
to avoid undefined error, in case the transformation is not applicable the original value is returned

```javascript
// dev
expect(Port.setId(id, invalidPort)).toThrow();
// throw

// prod
expect(Port.isPort(id, invalidPort)).toBe(invalidPort);
// return null
```

Why null returned when expected return is not a boolean ?
Because "" for string or 0 or NaN doesn't capture well the intent of providing a default neutral value for number and string, same apply to object. Undefined is not suitable to because undefined error often are unhandled error in your code or a remote code.

A better solution overall would be the use of Maybe wrapper.
